Filter out applications in the runtime based on application type (#1256)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/director/03-01-hiding-application-for-runtime.md

> # Hiding Application for Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Hide Applications from Runtimes
```

It is possible to configure Compass to not return Applications labeled with specific labels, in response to query `applicationsForRuntime` used by Runtimes. 

## Configuration

> To configure the list of selectors which will be used to filter the list of returned Applications modify **applicationHideSelectors** parameter in the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/chart/compass/charts/director/values.yaml) file. You can modify this list by providing appropriate overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the list of selectors used to filter the list of returned Applications, modify the **applicationHideSelectors** parameter in the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/chart/compass/charts/director/values.yaml) file. You can modify this list by providing appropriate overrides.
```

> **applicationHideSelectors** should be a map of lists of **strings**, where map keys represent label keys and strings represent label values that will be used to filter the returned Applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **applicationHideSelectors** parameter is a map that contains the lists of **strings**, where map keys represent label keys, and strings represent label values that are used to filter the returned Applications.
```

> Each label key can have multiple values assigned, if an Application is labeled with that key and any of the specified values, it will not be returned in `applicationsForRuntime` query. Multiple label keys can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each label key can have multiple label keys and values assigned. If an Application is labeled with that key and any of the specified values, it is not returned in the `applicationsForRuntime` query.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of the labels specified in the **applicationHideSelectors** parameter:
```

```yaml
applicationHideSelectors:
  applicationType:
    - "Test Application"
    - "WIP"
  applicationVersion:
    - "alpha"  

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this example, all Applications with the `applicationType: "Test Application"`, `applicationType: "WIP"`, or `applicationVersion: "alpha"` label are not visible for Runtimes.
```

Reviewer: Please add such a sentence below.
